So in this class we are going to look to adding a storage layer in solution architects and in the U.S.
Amazon services.
So if you look to this architecture, we are going to study this architecture every lesson in order
to build a highly available, highly scalable architecture.
And today we are going to learn how we can host a static website in Amazon as history.
The cafe has just started and they want to establish a simple, static website that provides customer
with basic information about the coffee like menus, total hours, location and more.
Currently, they don't have any marketing strategy and they want to gain a new customers.
And when someone walks by, notice the coffee and decided to give it a try.
The café has a very good quality of coffee and so they suggested to them that they should expand their
community awareness by hosting the café website and make that website available for custom.
For this, they are going to use Amazon S3.
Amazon S3 is an object storage service.
It enables you to store virtually unlimited amount of data and data files are stored as objects.
You place objects in a bucket which you define and you create.
Every bucket must have a name that is globally unique across regions.
So the bucket name must be unique not only in that region but in all regions.
The object you store can vary in size from zero bytes to five terabytes, and this is like normally
unexamined question.
Each object cannot be larger than five terabyte insights and it is with unlimited storage.
Each object has five consistent characteristics.
It has a key, which is basically the name that you assign to an object, and you use that object key
to retrieve the object itself.
In the management console, you can create a directory inside a bucket or a folder and you upload an
object to that directory.
Amazon S3 does not know about that, so the key value includes the full path relative to the bucket
loot ID because Amazon has three does not know about directories.
The second thing the object has is assertion I.D. in our bucket, a key and of it in ID they are unique.
Identify a specific object.
The value of the object is the actual content of that object you store.
It can be any sequence of bytes.
Object values are immutable, which means that after you upload an object, you cannot modify the value.
If you want to modify the object, you must make a change outside of Amazon, etc. and then you need
to upload it and the whole entire object need to be replaced.
So beside the key, the value and addition idea, the object also has a meta data which is a set of
name value pairs or key value pairs.
You can use to store information about the object.
You can assign them to data which is referred to as a user defined meta data for your object in Amazon
necessity.
Amazon C three also uses some resources to store additional object specific information.
So the benefit of acidity.
Acidity provides us with many features, including higher durability.
So S3 standard, the class gives you about 11 nines of durability, which means you can afford to lose
one document every 200 years.
Besides the durability, it's also provide you with four nines of availability.
And the availability here refers to your ability to access your data quickly when you want it.
It also provides a virtually unlimited capacity to store your data.
So it is very scalable.
And Amazon has S3 has an built in security feature.
It provides you with many control access as we see today in the labs where you can control who can access
the object and at what time and based on which pattern of usage.
Also, Amazon's story is highly peer format, which means it's a fast vital latency that is measured
in milliseconds for most storage classes.
Now, S3 can solve a lot of the problem in your console and in your cloud architecture.
So this is understand if you use cases where you can employ a city to your benefit.
So the first use case is to store and distribute web content and media.
A very common scenario for using an S3 is to use it for media hosting.
It can be used in order to store the static part of your website.
Those content including videos, photos and music files which can be delivered.
Directly from Amazon S3 because each object in Amazon S3 has a unique history.
You are an Amazon S3 can serve as an origin store for a content delivery network.
When you wire a city with a cloud front, you can feed your website to cloud its location directly from
a city hosting.
And in this case, you will preserve a lot of bandwidth and also you speed up the performance of your
static content that will be retrieved from S3.
How we can secure Amazon S3 buckets and object.
When you create an asset bucket and objects by default, they are private and protected when you want
to access them.
You only have to change the Amazon asset to the data and that will manage the control of the data access.
And normally it follows the principle of least a privilege.
You can control Amazon S3 access or a specific object in the bucket using Amazon S3 block of public
access and in the either your identity and access management or you can write a bucket policy that define
access to a specific bucket or an object.
And remember, guys, this is what we refer to as a resource vs policy.
You can use IM to configure a bucket policy to grant access across either account or to grant public
or anonymous access to Amazon S3 data.
If you use bucket policy, you must carefully write and test them.
If you can specify adding a statement in the bucket policy to restrict access, and you can access also
that bucket content and lists using the policy simulator that we have in the IM service.
You could also create and this is an exam in question as well, guys, so pay attention to it.
You can create an AC three access point.
Access points are a unique hostnames that enforce distinct permissions and network controls for requests
that are made through customers with shared data.
It can scale access for many applications by creating individualized access points with names and permission
that are customized for each application.
You could also use access control list and similar to what we are going to do in the lab today where
you have an access list defined over the bucket and the object, if you use access list, do not set
access that is to open or permissive.
The final thing is you can use A.W. as a trusted advisor to provide you with bucket permission check
feature.
It is a useful tool for finding if there is any permissions that open to global access.
No, there are three different general approaches to configure access to object in ac3.
The scenario that you can see here, the default security setting for Amazon S3, all Amazon S3 bucket
and object is stored in them are private and protected.
The only entities with access to newly created and modified buckets are the account administrator and
account root user.
Pay attention to this guys.
Also, the resource owner can grant a specific access permission to others, but anyone not granted
those permissions will not have access.
If you look to the scenario in the middle here, we can see that an AC three security setting have been
disabled and anyone can publicly access the object is stored in the bucket theatre scenario.
You can see that Amazon S3 was configured to provide controlled access.
User A was granted access to the objects in the bucket, but user B was denied access.
A controlled access scenario are more common in the industry.
They can be configured by the bucket owner by using one or more of the tools or the options for controlling
access to Amazon.
AC three data that we just described.
You could also add encryption to your objects in the bucket.
So when you store objects in a separate buckets, you can make those object.
Use the default encryption option which it enables server side encryption with Amazon SS3 algorithm.
You could also have a client side encryption, and this encryption is more related to the communication
that happened between the client, which is maybe your laptop and the bucket that you have in A.W. Wisconsin.
In a client side encryption, you can use this approach to encrypted the data in transit not at addressed.
So server side encryption guys used for encrypting the data at risk.
Client side encryption is used for a.
Encrypting the data in transit.
You manage the encryption and process the encryption keys and the related tools like server side encryption.
Client side encryption can reduce risk by encrypting the data with a key that is stored in a different
mechanism than Dominica's, and that is still the data it's in.
So normally you don't put the key beside the bucket or inside the bucket and then you encrypted because
this is make the whole thing very weakly secure.
The second use case for SC three is to host a static website, and by seeing this class today and the
last that we are going to do, you will find how easy and simple you can host a static content of a
website inside a now a dynamic website needs most of the time asset to notify the processing and maybe
there is a data layer.
So you have to read, for example, a kind of data from a database and then send them outside.
The scripts most likely will be writing in page B or GSP or no G As or React or any of those server
side scripting languages to host less static websites.
All you need to do is to configure your AC three buckets for website hosting and then upload your website
content to the bucket.
Also, another thing that you will find very useful in Amazon S3 is called versioning, with Amazon
as the three versioning this is will allow you to prevent the contents of the bucket against any accidental
deletion and it will give you a process to recover your data if they have an failure in your application
or when customers accidentally overwrite or delete objects.
Versioning is a method of keeping multiple variants of an object in the same bucket.
You can use it to preserve, receive and restore.
Every version of every object is stored in Amazon S3 bucket.
If you delete a specific object instead of removing it permanently, Amazon as it re inserts a delete
marker in it, which becomes the current object version and you can also restore the previous one.
Overwriting an object results in a new object in creation and you can always restore to the previous
fishing buckets can be in one of the three states and versioned add.
Also versioning was not activated or it was enabled.
This is the second the state or versioning suspended after you enable it for that bucket.
You can never change it to an emergent estate.
You can, however, suspend versioning on that bucket at any stage in the future.
And let us look now how Amazon S3 versioning work.